people we just made it up to the
showroom floor and we'll have to do the
hyundai press office and they're going
to introduce us to the newest line of
han days if they got 4 2010 2011 check
it out three minutes to countdown with a
hot day collection what's up miss you
boy k max and we're here with Phil Han
days North American design chief he's
going to give us a little background on
the new designs at Honda has come with
for 2010 2011 what if you feel
thanks for today I'm doing great thank
you hey this is exciting pivotal moment
course right now we've introduced the
new Sonata which is significant for us
is our high selling volume model but
we've done what's new is we're really
making these vehicles more expressive we
want to attract a broader audience we
want to get people out of their standard
mundane family vehicles or dynamic or
something that makes more are you
feeling what feels coming from he's
trying to bring some luxury to the
viking people with a little bit of
economy involved you know so you could
be fancy but still have an affordable
price that you could pay for a nice car
so it cannot I'll check it out so why'd
you guys come up with the design for
this part we were looking at something
that would stand out in the marketplace
typical sedans right now we come with
free box there's the the hood the upper
square and then the rear deck lid very
functional this is still functional but
what we've done is kind of lengthened
the rear sail panel so it has a very
smooth silhouette as almost a four-door
sports guy is what we're looking at and
then once you open the door or the
interior is really laid out or premium
premium execution you know all this for
less than twenty thousand dollars you
can hear that you can't get a car like
this for twenty thousand dollars but
guess what feel says we can so I suggest
y'all get down and Hyundai and check out
some of the vehicles that they have
because they are really looking nice
functional quality it's all there yeah
we like to thank feel for giving us an
update on what's going on thanks Bill
are they thank you